window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];

function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}

gtag('js', new Date());

gtag('config', 'G-3EJ2ZC1VG1');

Academic Integrity | Columbia College

Columbia College

Main Menu

About the College

Mission, Vision

Community

History

Leadership

News and Updates

Visit Columbia College

The Core Curriculum

The Classes

Registration and Policies

Awards and Prizes

About the Core

Undergraduate Writing Program

Current Bulletin

Archived Bulletins

Academic Coursework

Academic Advising and Support

Academic Opportunities

Academic Honors, Awards and Prizes

Academic Affairs

Advising

Berick Center for Student Advising

Career Advising

Fellowship Advising

Financial Aid Advising

Global Programs Advising

Major Advising

Preprofessional Advising

Admissions

Financial Aid

Learn About Columbia

Visit Columbia

Apply to Columbia

Campus Life

Undergraduate Student Life

Student Resources

Supporting the College

Audiences

Faculty

Families

Alumni

Search

Home

&#47;

&#47;

Academic integrity is the cornerstone of our intellectual community. All scholarship teaching, research, and student learning is the product of intellectual exchange. Whether this exchange takes place in books and journal articles, in laboratories, in the design of experiments and the analysis of data, in the classroom, or in students written work, it is these joint undertakings that create Columbia s intellectual community at Columbia College.

The value of our collective inquiry relies upon trust and honesty for our individual discoveries are dependent upon the discoveries of our peers and predecessors, here at Columbia and elsewhere. And all intellectual work must be evaluated the work of students is evaluated by faculty; the work of faculty is evaluated through peer-review. We must, therefore, be able to trust that others are honest in their work and others must be able to trust that we are honest in ours.

Columbia College Honor Code

The Columbia College Student Council, on behalf of the whole student body, has resolved that maintaining academic integrity is the preserve of all members of our intellectual community including and especially students.

As a consequence, all Columbia College students make the following pledge:

We, the undergraduate students of Columbia University, hereby pledge to value the integrity of our ideas and the ideas of others by honestly presenting our work, respecting authorship, and striving not simply for answers but for understanding in the pursuit of our common scholastic goals. In this way, we seek to build an academic community governed by our collective efforts, diligence, and Code of Honor.

In addition, all Columbia College students are committed to the following honor code:

I affirm that I will not plagiarize, use unauthorized materials, or give or receive illegitimate help on assignments, papers, or examinations. I will also uphold equity and honesty in the evaluation of my work and the work of others. I do so to sustain a community built around this Code of Honor.

For more information on Academic Initiatives and the Academic Affairs Student Representative, visit the

Columbia College Student Council website .

For more information on the ways that College and SEAS students are introduced to, and trained on, matters of academic integrity, visit the Academic Integrity website for undergraduates.

Faculty Statement on Academic Integrity

The intellectual venture in which we are all engaged requires of faculty and students alike the highest level of personal and academic integrity. As members of an academic community, each one of us bears the responsibility to participate in scholarly discourse and research in a manner characterized by intellectual honesty and scholarly integrity.

Scholarship, by its very nature, is an iterative process, with ideas and insights building one upon the other. Collaborative scholarship requires the study of other scholars' work, the free discussion of such work, and the explicit acknowledgement of those ideas in any work that inform our own. This exchange of ideas relies upon a mutual trust that sources, opinions, facts, and insights will be properly noted and carefully credited.

In practical terms, this means that, as students, you must be responsible for the full citations of others' ideas in all of your research papers and projects; you must be scrupulously honest when taking your examinations; you must always submit your own work and not that of another student, scholar, or internet agent.

Any breach of this intellectual responsibility is a breach of faith with the rest of our academic community. It undermines our shared intellectual culture, and it cannot be tolerated. Students failing to meet these responsibilities should anticipate being asked to leave Columbia.

For more information on academic integrity at Columbia, students may refer to the Columbia University Undergraduate Guide to Academic Integrity : http://www.college.columbia.edu/academics/academicintegrity

More Information

For more information about how academic integrity is defined for students, or how disciplinary processes for violations of academic integrity are handled, please see the

Columbia College - Columbia Engineering Academic Integrity website .

Current Bulletin

Archived Bulletins

Academic Coursework

Academic Advising and Support

Academic Opportunities

Academic Honors, Awards and Prizes

Academic Affairs

Columbia College

Columbia University in the City of New York

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Linkedin

Contact Us

208 Hamilton Hall Mail Code 2805 1130 Amsterdam Avenue New York, NY 10027

ColumbiaCollege@columbia.edu 212-854-2441

College Offices

Alumni Affairs and Development

Berick Center for Student Advising

Center for Career Education

Center for the Core Curriculum

Center for Undergraduate Global Engagement

Double Discovery Center

Eric H. Holder Jr. Initiative for Civil and Political Rights

Financial Aid

Educational Financing

Undergraduate Admissions

Undergraduate Research and Fellowships

Undergraduate Student Life

 2026 Columbia University

|

Privacy Policy

|

Notice of Non-Discrimination

|

Terms of Use

|

Accessibility

|

University Home Page